Xiao Chen turned out to be a witch who bought 10 billion
boss
Su Wanqiu turned out to be the luckiest woman in the world
Impossible absolutely impossible
Xiao Chen is a stinky beggar
How could it be Master Shenhao?
And that bitch
Why can he marry Master Shenhao?
But he is now
Dad is rich
Our Su family has developed
Think about it.
If this consumer takes Su Wanqiu
Then he is your grandson-in-law
All right, everybody stop staring.
As relatives and elders of Su Wanqiu
Why don't you go in and attend his wedding?
Yes, yes, hurry up, hehe
Ma, didn't I tell you all to get out?
You watchdogs better get out of my way
The married Shenhao and his wife inside
That's our Su family
If you don't let him
Be careful I break your dog leg
No, please go away.
I'll tell you what.
I am Su Wanqiu's uncle
This is Su Wanqiu's grandfather
How dare you hit me?
It's you
You claim to be relatives of Shenhao
Not even an invitation
Get out of here
If you don't get out, I'll break your legs
Go away go away